CEXT-6482: add resolveIoEventCode utility (#577)
adobe/aio-commerce-sdk: packages/aio-commerce-lib-app/docs/usage.md

}
```

### Resolving an Event's I/O Events Code

> `resolveIoEventCode(appId, eventName, providerType)` computes the same event code `publishEvent` sends, without needing installation to have run or reading it back from stored data. This is useful when a caller needs to know an event's code ahead of time, e.g. to match it against an incoming I/O Event.

Author: Self-review to lazy-edit this from GitHub UI.

```suggestion
`resolveIoEventCode(appId, eventName, providerType)` computes an event code matching the prefixing rules used at installation time (and that `publishEvent` sends). This is useful when a caller needs to know an event's code ahead of time, e.g. to match it against an incoming I/O Event.
```
